AE-1010: Gnosis-Safe Multisig Monitor Agent Template (#14)
arbitraryexecution/forta-agent-templates: gnosis-safe-multisig/SETUP.md

versions are `v1.0.0`, `v1.1.1`, `v1.2.0`, and `v1.3.0`, where JSON files containing the ABIs for
those versions are located in the `./abi` directory and in their respective subdirectories.

For example, to monitor the Synthetix protocolDAO multisig contract for emitted events and balance
changes, the following content would be present in the `agent-config.json` file:

```json
{
  "developerAbbreviation": "AE",
  "protocolName": "Synthetix",
  "protocolAbbreviation": "SYN",
  "gnosisSafe": {
    "address": "0xEb3107117FEAd7de89Cd14D463D340A2E6917769",
    "version": "v1.3.0"
  }
}
```

Note that any unused entries in the configuration file must be deleted for the agent to work.  The
original version of the configuration file contains several placeholders to show the structure of
the file, but these are not valid entries for running the agent.

6. Create a new README.md file to provide a description of your agent, using examples from the Forta Github
repository.  Also update the name and description fields in the `package.json` file.

7. Move files to have the following directory structure:
```

>   monitor-function-calls/

Author: Fixed.

    README.md
    SETUP.md
    COPYING
    LICENSE
    Dockerfile
    forta.config.json
    package.json
    agent-config.json
    src/
      agent.js
      agent.spec.js
      version-utils.js
    abi/
      v1.0.0/
        gnosis_safe.json
      v1.1.1/
        gnosis_safe.json
      v1.2.0/
        gnosis_safe.json
      v1.3.0/
        gnosis_safe.json
      ERC20.json
```

8. Install all related `npm` packages using `npm i`.  This will create a `package-lock.json` file alongside
package.json.

9. Once the `agent-config.json` file is populated and all corresponding ABI files are in the correct locations
referred to in the `agent-config.json` file, the agent is complete.  Please test the agent against transactions

> that contain function calls that should trigger the agent.  Please also test the agent against transactions that should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that contain emitted events that should trigger the agent.  Please also test the agent against transactions that should
```

Author: Fixed.
